[KED-2504] Drop registration hooks (#1074)
quantumblacklabs/kedro: docs/source/extend_kedro/hooks.md

A Hook is comprised of a Hook specification and Hook implementation. To add Hooks to your project you will need to:

> * Provide a Hook implementation for an existing Kedro-defined Hook specification

Reviewer: I think we should mention this further up the page since it's important and currently only mentioned much lower down.
```suggestion
* Create or modify the file `<your_project>/src/<package_name>/hooks.py` to define a Hook implementation for an existing Kedro-defined Hook specification
```

* Register your Hook implementation in the [`src/<your_project>/settings.py`](../kedro_project_setup/settings.md) file under the `HOOKS` key

### Hook specification

> 

Reviewer: I can't comment on the line on github. But line 20 can be removed, as can the `#### Execution timeline Hooks` section heading now that `#### Registration Hooks` doesn't exist any more.

Reviewer: Might be worth just doing a quick docs search for "regist" or something just in case there's any other mention of them anywhere 🙂
